Good evening, family. Thank you for
joining us again tonight. We're
going to go over some of the news, but
first, I'll go over what the Lord showed
us in prayer last night.
I have to say, out of all
the prayers we've had in the last
year, for some of the things
the Lord showed us, I think it was
one of the top ones I've seen in a
while.
I wasn't anticipating
that. I just come in,
pray and yield, and the Lord
shows you things.
There's a lot to it, so I'll go into
some of it. I won't go into all of it,
but I'll go into some of it.
I don't even know where to start.
I saw the White House. I saw President
Trump. We were praying for Paula
White. That's how it all started. We
started praying for Paula White and her
health and just her in general,
because the Lord put it on my heart,
too.
Then all of a sudden,
I started praying for the French Quarter
again.
We saw the red, white, and blue
concerning the French flag—the red,
white, and blue for an attack in the
French Quarter again. Last
time I saw an African-American
woman walking down the streets of
New Orleans and Bourbon Street.
She had red, white, and
blue glitter on her skin, and she had
glasses that said 250.
They looked like those big ones you
get at New York Times Square for
the New Year, but it looked like 250 on
her glasses. She was walking down
the main street, and I saw a
device in an old building in the French
Quarter. It went off and
looked like it was a gas leak, but it
wasn't a gas leak; it was intentional, by
a remote. As I've prayed into that,
I still have a caution to pray
over New Orleans. I saw red, white, and blue again last
night, and I
saw the French Quarter again.
I thought that was interesting, but
it went on from there. I saw
J.D. Vance with five keys
in his hand—five keys on a big circle
keychain. They were all skeleton keys,
and each key was different.
Some of them were small, and the
design at the end of the key looked like
something out of a pirate movie, like an
old skeleton key; it
was very elaborate. The design at the
end of every key was
very special.
They didn't look like a normal skeleton
key with just a little piece
of metal
on the end; every key was
very elaborate.
They were beautiful-looking keys.
Some of them looked very medieval.
Some
looked evil, but they were pretty
in their
designs and calligraphy.
One key was
black and white, another
was gold, and another
was silver with some tarnish on it, looking
like tarnished stainless steel.
Another key was
polished at the end, but the further it
went down to the
part that opens the lock, it was very dark. Each of
the five keys
represented something different. He
had the five keys on a keychain and
was looking at
all five of
them. As I was looking at J.D. Vance, he was
coming out of a
big box.
You could see his fingers
coming out of the top. The
lid was off now,
and he was creeping out,
coming out of the box of who he
truly is and
what's really inside of him.
I saw
the French Quarter and
some things I can't talk about,
especially with an
individual, but I heard from
the Lord
about
the Louisiana Purchase. As I
saw the Louisiana Purchase,
I
heard the Lord say, 'Covenants made,
covenants kept.
Covenants made, covenants kept, but you
didn't keep yours.'He
made covenants
and
kept his side of it, but you
didn't keep yours. He's talking about
the United States. I saw a massive oak
tree come up out of Louisiana.
This major oak tree
was alive; it
had waves to it and was moving before
my eyes. It had 250 on the
leaves.
I saw the old Catholic church
in New Orleans that has the horse rider
in front. I didn't realize that
was a Civil War monument. Based
on what I understand from
Diana's research,
this is the
oldest active Catholic church
in America. It's
the oldest church that still holds weekly services;
that's
what Diana told me. I saw that beautiful
church near the
Mississippi River.
The Lord was showing me that church.
Out of it came a
single
candlestick—a
beautiful candle. There was only one
candle there. It was in a candlestick holder made out of olive wood. It was beautiful, with different colors, and it
ring for
your finger
so you could carry it.
Suddenly,
Mother Mary came out of the Catholic
church. This is very interesting.
I'm going to describe the
way I saw Mother
Mary. She
wasn't a shrine
or a
statue; she
was real.
She had a blue head covering
on, like
a modesty
veil.
It was blue and white, similar to the
Jewish flag. It had blue, white, and gold, like you see on a rabbi's prayer shawls with
the
knots.
She was wearing the same colors.
She looked like a young woman.
I'm
not trying to be disrespectful, but
she was not traditionally beautiful, nor
was she ugly.
She looked humble and
pure.
Her countenance looked
average, perhaps even
below
average.
I
tried
to
describe this to my wife, Diana, all day.
She had brown eyes and
sandy brown hair,
the same color as our
daughter Paisley's, not
like Megan's.
She had olive
skin, not white or
Caucasian.
Her
cheeks were full,
but she looked very plain.
If you walked by her, you
might find
her forgettable.
She
looked very humble
in her demeanor and face.
She looked broken,
like a pliable
person. I don't know how else to say
it. The way her hair was and
everything.
Then I saw Jesus
in the vision and he was wearing a white
robe with a metallic red
sash. He had a
beautiful, vibrant, shimmery, sparkly
sash on. I've never seen that before.
Every time it's always been purple or
other colors, but this was
a vibrant red sash.
She fell down at his feet
and she was touching the nail scars in his
feet.
She put her hair and her
bonnet, her shawl down over her
as she went for his feet and was
touching the nail scars in his feet.
She had her hair about his feet
and she was worshiping Jesus
in reverence
at his feet.
I saw a great storm in New Orleans.
I saw a great storm in the east. I saw
waves—it's
the Gulf, but it's not right there,
it's further in—but I saw waves around
him that looked like a major storm.
And he said, 'Peace to the storm,'and
all of a sudden that storm became
silent.
He said to me, 'Tell my people to
believe me, for a wave of my glory is
going to come through the camera
tonight. If they'll believe me for it,
I'll heal them what they're asking for.'I
saw a wave of the glory of God
flow through this vision going
through the lens of the camera, and the
presence of the Lord filled my house.
He spoke to me and said, 'Brandon, what
would you like to have tonight?'I
told him privately what I was believing
for, and I felt the
presence of the Lord fill me.
As I saw Mary,
she had tears in her eyes
and they were streaming down her cheeks
as she had her face to the Father, to
Jesus.
I could see Mary, and she was
nothing I ever pictured her to be
because of the statues I've seen in
Catholic churches.
She doesn't look like that.
Her face is more
full.
It wasn't skinny, but it wasn't fat;
it was not bony looking. She
didn't have a defined jawline;
it was more full cheeks.
She reminded me of someone
from South
America;
I've seen Latino women look like
that in the face. I
try really
hard, but I was taken back because
I kept wanting to look at
more detail of Mother
Mary. I saw her
weight; I
told Diana she looked like she's
125 pounds, maybe 130 at the most. She's
about 5'5".
She
was a little woman.
Jesus was about six foot. He has
about a size 11 foot, the way I could
see it.
So she came up to
right underneath him.
As she fell down to his
feet,
it was something to behold.
When I have visions like that—I
told Diana when I was allowed to go
into the garden
and I saw Adam and Eve—I tried to
describe them the best I could.
I said, 'She looked nothing like
Eve. Eve's eyes were
a color I've
never seen before.'Adam
looked
very chiseled; he had no
fat on him. His beard
was perfect. Everything was perfect
about Adam and
Eve.
But this was something I've
never seen before.
As I was
looking at Mother Mary, I was
taken back by it. I saw the way the
Lord looked at it and he
said, 'A Judas will rise in America.'He
spoke about a certain individual
and I saw him have anti-Semitism deep
inside his heart toward
the Jewish people.
You will see the true person come
out even more in the days ahead.
The Lord said he is a Judas,
a true Judas,
worse than
Pence.
I'm not trying to
tick anyone off, I'm just repeating
what I heard. You want to challenge it?
Fine.
It was clear. I felt
the glory of the Lord and I heard what
he said: 'Judas,
his
heart.'I'm
not trying to judge a man, I'm just
telling you what I heard. If it
doesn't line up,
pray about it.
Put it on the shelf and
take it to
God in prayer.
I saw a covenant made,
covenants kept, but you didn't keep
yours. It was concerning the
Catholic Church and
New Orleans. He said, 'If
this Louisiana Purchase didn't take
place, America would not have been what
it is.'It
was concerning the Catholic
Church as I saw Mother Mary come out of
the big church in New Orleans. I
didn't know that was the oldest active church
in the United
States.
Then I saw certain things
concerning the Jews
coming
and terrorist attacks upon
this nation. The Lord said, 'Harbingers,
harbingers again from
9/11.'I
know Jonathan Cahn wrote a lot
of books about harbingers and the
sycamore tree
at
Ground Zero.
The Lord
said there's something about the
Louisiana Purchase that is very
significant to American history and
covenants that were made.
My wife is
doing research to
find out what was being said as the
vision was so strong.
I saw
a Judas and
an undermining in the days ahead of
President Trump to make him look like
he's an idiot—the
25th—that he's senile.
'He's getting
old, he's not as sharp as he used to be,
he's just slipping
a little
bit.'It
got worse and worse.
I
don't know where I'd be at 80 years old;
running a country is a big deal. Anyone
running a country at 80
years old, going on 81 now, that's a
huge deal.
This is the difference between the
mindset of somebody who is quitting
versus somebody who is still thriving.
As I prayed into
it, I saw
another 9/11-style
disturbance. I saw a plot with the SIM
cards in New York
to disrupt
the 911 service. It's in
another building and they rebuilt it.
He warned us about
this. I want to show you some of the
things we saw in the news today and then
we're going to go pray. I
saw a terrorist wearing
mirrored aviator glasses.
So, here
is a
BlackRock CEO
talking about the Clarity Act. Let's
listen to what he has to say about the
Clarity Act. This is
BlackRock's CEO—well,
I don't know if he's the CEO, but
he was a BlackRock executive.
Listen to this guy:
"I think the likelihood of that
happening is now sub-50%. I'm still
optimistic that if it doesn't happen by
the August recess, it'll happen this
year. I do think the regulators now,
with the CFTC and the SEC, can probably rule-write
most of what we need. The
problem with rule-writing is it's much
more reversible than what you
see when it joins the statute. I've been
spending a lot of time in Asia; I've
been in Korea and Hong Kong four times
in the last nine months. They have, on the
one hand, been waiting for the Clarity
Act. I actually think if it's not
passed, you're going to see Asian local
governments pass equivalents to try to
catch up and even get ahead of the U.S.
So, I'm long-term very optimistic. I
just think we need, no pun intended, a
lot more clarity, not just about U.S.
regulation, but about global rates and
geopolitics. And let's not
underestimate: you go to South Korea and
all you hear about is Samsung and Hynix.
We need this AI super
cycle."So
he's saying he
believes it's 50/50
to pass before August.
Interesting.
And then this guy,
he's talking
about—he
said he's tired
of being in "crypto hell."He
wants
America to lead
in digital assets.
He said we
need a structure.
You know, a small bipartisan group is
still trying to get a Clarity Act done. I want you
to hear this: "You
would not want a Clarity Act that
increased the ability of illicit finance
to take place suddenly with the
blessings of law, would
you?""It's
vital
that the Clarity
Act provide rules and tools for the
Treasury Department and the
administration to be able to counter illicit
finance. But you would be
concerned if the Trump Department of
Justice, with technical assistance, said
that the standard proposed
by industry and some of my Republican
colleagues would actually make it easier
for illicit finance to take place. This
has just happened in the last couple of days;
that would concern you, wouldn't it?""It
would be concerning, yes, Senator.""I
tend to work with you and
the Secretary. I want
this done and I am tired of being in
crypto hell, but we've got to do it in a
way that doesn't make this circumstance
worse. I want America to lead in digital
assets, but if we get it wrong, the
downside ramifications could be huge as
well."Next,
we have massive power outages in
San Francisco as a system glitch warns of
chaotic blackouts.
Something's
happened with the power grid
substations.
Massive power outages strike San
Francisco; a system glitch warns of
chaotic blackouts.
They had
a
massive power outage Saturday morning
that knocked out electricity for quite a
bit of people.
The Lord
warned us about this;
the Lord warned
about the substations. The Lord warned
us to pray for power outages in America
in major cities because the enemy within has a
plan. I told you to pray against the enemy within.
This is an act of
war and they're in our country.
There's chaos going on all over San
Francisco because of it.
The lights are off; even the little
cars are frozen on the road. People
don't know what to do.
Next:
hide your kids, hide your wives.
All
right, next. Now, I want you to hear
this. In a couple of weeks,
Prime Minister
Benjamin comes to New York, and this is
the response of Mamdani:
"Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is perhaps planning to visit
New York for the UN General Assembly.
You pledged during your campaign
to order his arrest to
comply with the International Criminal
Court warrant. What will happen if he
comes in September?""I believe that
Prime Minister Netanyahu belongs in the Hague.
He's a war criminal who has been
charged by the International Criminal
Court, and
what you will find is that is an opinion
held by many purely because of
what his actions have wrought over these
last many years. I've also said that I
will follow the laws that we have here
in New York City, because I believe
there's an importance in following
the law as a leader who presides over
our
city.""Meaning
that whatever the law allows me
to do in New York City, that's what we
will do, but we won't be writing our own
laws to that end.
We are looking at all of our
legal obligations, and one of them is
with regards to the United Nations. But
we're
not talking about a personal assessment
of Benjamin Netanyahu; we're talking
about the International Criminal Court
and the fact that they have a warrant
out for this Prime Minister's arrest.
I'll be following the laws of
New York
City."Finally,
they found a tunnel from Mexico.
The
cartel is running a secret underground
highway right under the feet of El Paso,
Texas.
A major cartel. Now, we know what the
Lord has showed us about these tunnels.
And I said, "There's major tunnels in Nogales."And
the Lord showed us about Nogales.
And he said, "There's tunnels."Well,
we have them in El Paso.
And look at this. This is elaborate.
This cost some money to get this
tunnel.
Drain system that Border Patrol says
cartels exploit to smuggle narcotics and
illegal migrants into the US.
This whole system is a city underneath
our city.
Fox News got rare exclusive access going
underground with Border Patrol's elite
confined space entry team. We're about a
mile and a half from Mexico. It takes
smugglers and illegal migrants about 45
minutes to an hour to get through here.
And to give some perspective, it's hot,
it's dark here, and the air quality is
not great. Just outside one of the storm
drain entrances: tools, a wallet, even a
Mexican driver's license. The El Paso
Sector team says there's 32 known entry
points and hundreds of exits throughout
the city. "We do have technology that
lets us know when they're in there,
where they're going, when they come out,
and technology grows at a rapid pace."Agents
on this specialized team undergo
intense training to navigate these tight
underground passageways while monitoring
dangerous changes in oxygen levels.
"What's most difficult for you?""For
me, it's the heat and the
time in the air."So far this fiscal
year, Border Patrol says they've
apprehended 161 illegal migrants using
El Paso's storm drain system. At the
height of the border crisis, agents say
they encountered groups of up to 70
migrants underground.
Today, it's usually just two or three at
a time.
We found weapons down here. We found
guns down here.
The numbers are down, but agents say the
cartels are still looking for any gap
they can exploit. "Our agents are engaged
with the war with cartels on a daily
basis
in El Paso, Texas."Brooke Taylor, Fox
News.
Pretty amazing. So, they're making
their ways through like mole people.
And so the Lord warned us how they were
doing it, and he talked about Nogales
a lot and in other places. So
interesting. All right, keep going.
Okay, here's the alert.
What's the alert? No, they're saying
the United States is warning
about attacks against American interests,
foreign and domestic. Okay, so
this is what we've been praying
about. And so they issued a high alert
for American citizens to be watching for
an attack against the American homeland, for
attacks against American interests,
Trump Towers, Trump buildings
in other cities, in other nations. So
we're going to be praying. This is part
of it. And so there's a list that
they're believing
are high interest for Saudi Arabia
to take out for Trump Towers.
This is all the buildings that he has
in other foreign countries. And so we are
praying for those buildings, but I'm
specifically concerned about New York,
the 41st floor of major buildings of
Trump, hotels—and I don't
know why the 41st floor, y'all. I just saw
the numbers to pray over the 41st
floor. Praying over his hotels, his
apartment complexes, his—not
apartments. They're not apartments.
They're like penthouses, gorgeous homes
in the air in New York and
Chicago or whatever. Just praying for
Trump locations. I've seen them on fire.
I've seen them exploding. I've seen
major things falling down with people
deliberately sabotaging them. And so
we will continue to pray for Trump
headquarters, praying for Don Jr.,
praying for his kids—very
serious right now—and for them
to put out an alert for everybody to
be watching and to use caution,
worldwide caution concerning American
interests right now because they are
believing that we're about to be hit. It is
very serious about Cuba sending over
these drones that I saw—major drone
strikes. But it's not just about
America. I'm telling you, I saw an
attack worse than October 7th
happening in the middle of the night
using chemical weapons
against the Jewish people in Israel. And
it will be a major thing
when I saw how I saw this happening with
boils and convulsing. It was awful
what happened to children and
families in the days ahead.
And I pray we stop it with prayer that
it will not happen.
And so this is just—it's very
serious, an alert, worldwide caution. So
they're telling everybody—I don't know
if you knew about that. Did you all know
about this? The worldwide alert that
the White House told
everybody today.
So use caution if you live in major
cities specifically. I would use
major caution. Okay, keep going.
And they struck this tunnel.
Who did?
We did.
Okay, so we struck a tunnel
and then they're trying to
get their bulldozers to clean
it out. The Iranian people
want to clean it out.
What's the tunnel?
I don't know. It looks like just a
tunnel. I don't understand. Yeah.
So, it's like a highway.
I don't see like a military
complex.
Interesting.
I don't know why
they struck...
Okay.
What is that?
Two people died.
So we lost two soldiers today.
God, we pray for their families and the
loss for their families. This
hit a military base in
Jordan.
So, it hit a military base in
Jordan and two of our service
members lost their lives today.
Okay.
That's pretty much it.
Okay. And I want you to hear JD Vance.
This is JD Vance. And he said some
things.
"There are some people within their
system, we know beyond a shadow of a
doubt, who are manipulating and trying
to change American public opinion to
keep the war going on indefinitely. No
one wants the Iran war to go on
perpetually. Iran exists and their main
focus is eliminating Israel. Do you want
them just to absorb every rocket?"I'm
kind of disappointed in the vice
president. You know me, I am not what
you would call a hawk.
But I understand what the defense of the
country means and our greatest ally
means. Part of the comments that
concerned me wasn't even so much of that
one, is that he said that he found
himself to be a moderate on the issue
with Israel. That's not what the
president stands for. The president made
it very clear that that is our closest
ally and that we will work with them.
Now, there are some times where the
president says that he needs to call Bibi
off a little bit, that he wants to go a
little further than the president is
comfortable with because he's balancing
what's happening in the Arab world
and what's happening with Israel as
well. But to say that there are people
that are on air that are trying to
pressure the administration some way in
the advancement of Israel and not our
own country's interest, that is
categorically false. I don't know what
that report that's going around is, but
that's not what the president stands
for. So, that was disappointing. He's
always welcome on our program to talk
about it. But being moderate when
it comes to Israel, that is not the
Republican position.
Okay.
So, it's already
what they're saying is just
what I heard last night. Isn't
that amazing? Quickly. Okay. Keep going.
Go
ahead.
I'm very frustrated by the Americans and
frankly by people in other countries who
are like, 'You cannot negotiate with the
Iranians.'As
far as I'm concerned, it's just a
waste of time dealing with them. They're
liars. There's something wrong with
them. They're cuckoo. I don't want to
deal with them anymore. They're scum.
You know what scum is? They're scum.
They're sick people. They're led by sick
people. And they're vicious, violent
people.
And if they had a nuclear weapon, they'd
use it.
I'm very frustrated.
Next.
So, let's pray tonight. We're going to
pray for our president. We're going to
pray that he would take no
counsel from the ungodly. Ivy League
education. I told you, I said Harvard,
which is not Harvard-Yale. Harvard.
Thinking in a stone wall—in
a stone wall—I told you this back
last year and I saw a stone wall and I
saw Harvard. I said
the liberal thinking will come out more
in the days ahead.
Remember what I warned you all about?
Does anybody remember that vision? I said
it'd be like Harvard.
And I said 'Ivy,'and the
Lord said, 'Take no counsel from ungodly.'That's
what the Lord said. Pray for—and I saw a fish and a chameleon. And I said, 'A chameleon that is able to change color
godly counsel around and about it.'As
he was standing on the White House, he
was standing on the steps of
the Capitol
and his head was a bobblehead.
It was a big bobblehead and was
bobbling around and his neck was very
skinny and he was looking toward the
White House. President Trump was at
the desk, the Resolute Desk, and he
was writing, but there was a demon that
was poking and pecking at his brain and
I saw it. They were trying to come
against him with the 25th Amendment.
Then I saw Rubio at the bottom of
the stairs and he was looking up and his
eyes got big like cartoon eyes. And then
I saw a peacock wrap around the building
with the tail and wrap around the Capitol.
And I thought that was
interesting.
I still think it's interesting.
So we pray for President Trump's
mind.
Pray for his mind. Pray for him to make
it and finish strong. People get mad at
me all the time, but I just tell you
what I see in the spirit. I'll be real
with you. I look at politics just
like this: I throw it in the air. I
really don't care about it a lot. It's
just the honest-to-God truth about Brandon
Biggs. I don't look at politics; they're
not going to save America. I don't care
who's behind the White House if it's Joe
Biden or Obama or
President Trump or Ronald Reagan. The
only person who's going to save America
is the Lord Jesus Christ. An awakening
unto God.
There's no political person
that'll help and make things
better by voting that way,
by keeping godly laws in motion.
But the bottom line is the only person
that's ever going to save America is
Jesus. And he'll use people, and
it's a lot easier probably to use a
Trump than an Obama by far, or a Joe
Biden. But I don't
focus so much about it. I don't
drink the Kool-Aid of it. It's
all propaganda. All this stuff is
on the news. I just go 'Whatever, man.'But
we bring it to you because this
is what the Lord has us praying about.
And he wants us praying for our nation.
Praying for President Trump to stay
strong. Praying for 2028
for who gets it next—not waiting until
January of 2028
and going, 'We probably should
pray about it right now.'We
need to uncover who God wants
in the office now to pray for because I
told you Gavin Newsom's going to go
like on his belly, slithering like a
snake headed to the White House, licking
the dirt. I saw him leaving
California and start heading towards
there and he looked like a snake; he had
snake eyes. He had reptilian eyes. And
so we pray, but I know I feel in
my heart it's Rubio. And I'll say it, I
believe there's a hand on Rubio
continually, that he kept saying he has slain
his tens of thousands and
the other one has slain his thousands.
And we pray for Cuba for a major
liberation of Cuba in the days ahead.
The accomplishments of the Secretary of
State. And I saw Byron—pray
for Byron. I saw a scandal coming
with JD. I saw a scandal. I told
you a white—and it's funny, the Nixon
thing. And the Lord kept saying, 'This
will be a new modern-day Whitewater,
Watergate.'Watergate
2028. They'll try to do that.
Watergate 2028 and I saw him pulling
back and I saw Byron trying to rise up
and the Lord saw—as I was praying for
Byron. So if he does win Florida, it
might be short-lived
that he might be vice president. I don't
know. I just keep praying into this. I
don't want to add to or take away from
anything and be flaky. I don't want to
add to any prophetic confusion and
weirdness like we had in 2020. There was
a lot of weirdness.
Everybody's saying, everybody thinking,
'Oh, that President Trump's going to win.'And
he lost. And I told everybody because
I remember everybody said, 'What do
you think about that?'I said, 'He's
going to lose. He's not going to win.'And
I remember hearing it in July of
that year and the Lord said, 'He's not
going to win.'And people got really
ticked off about that. I remember, 'Oh,
Brandon, you're so anti-America.'Whatever.
I'm telling you what I hear.
I'm not here to sugarcoat
your ears
and your lips to make you like me or
not like me. I don't really care if you
click off and go watch somebody
else that wants to feed you some
kind of poopy stuff. I'm not going to do
it. I'm going to tell you what I hear. I
don't fear you; I fear God.
If you leave, you leave.
But I'll be standing here telling you
what the Lord always said. And I want to
say, 'Hey, I told you so,'but
it'll be, 'Hey, what He told you,'not
what Brandon—I don't have nothing. I
yield to him.
It's not easy being on this
side of the camera telling you what I'm
hearing about the Catholics and
about what I saw about JD Vance and
the keys—five keys. I don't know what they
meant. I'm still trying to figure it
out. But he came out of a box
and I saw it and he's
talking about covenants
concerning the Louisiana Purchase.
I'm just like, 'Interesting.'But that's
what we got last night. And we continue
to pray for this beautiful nation that
we remain one nation under God. But
the Lord warned me 2027,
2028, 2029, you'll see socialistic
control concerning the internet and they
will grab ahold of your Facebook,
all these other
platforms and they are going to try to
control what you are able to say
and what you are able to hear in the days
ahead concerning the First Amendment.
And a spider started to put a
web around it and it was trying to wrap
it like it does its prey. And I saw a
major shaking come to this nation. And
I've seen shakings concerning
earthquakes and major signs we'll
see that will bring people to their knees—fearful
sights.
And so I just believe with all my heart,
we're about to see things we've never
seen before
with politics. And as I was praying—was
it the middle of the
night? Yeah. Last night he woke me up
and he said, 'I want to talk to
you about the cleansing of the church more.'And
he showed me specific preachers'faces.
And he said, 'These
people's days are numbered. They're
about to come home.'And I saw
people that were going to be and they're
not. And he said, 'Judgment begins in
the house of the Lord first, Brandon.
There's things that I've warned and I've
warned and I've warned to get your heart
right, to get your life right,
and they continue to go down the wrong
road.'And
he said, 'Because of this,
there's a shaking in the church.'As we
were praying about it last night, a
shaking. Are you all
in? Does your life have compromise?
Is your lamp full of oil? Are you a
bride that's seeking him? Are you more
in bed with the world?
He's cleaning up the church, especially
the leadership.
To whom much is given, much is required.
And I'm telling you, you're about to see
an acceleration of that. I saw even
going into October and he said he
circles things and he talks to me
about it. He said, 'I warned and I
warned.
I've warned and I've warned.
I've warned and I've warned.'And you'll
see major faith ministries
that they'll have pastors that are no
longer there anymore. Ivy League education. I told you, I said Harvard, which is not
wall and I saw Harvard. I said the liberal thinking will come out more in the days ahead. Remember what I
to change color in the White House.'A chameleon changes and adapts to the surroundings of what it needs to. It's not very stable. A
a hand on Rubio continually, that he kept saying he has slain his tens of
I don't know. I just keep praying into this. I don't want to add to
hearing it in July of that year and the Lord said, 'He's not going to win.'And people got really ticked off
you some kind of poopy stuff. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to tell you what I hear. I don't fear you;
I want to say, 'Hey, I told you so,'but it'll be, 'Hey, what He told
I saw about JD Vance and the keys—five keys. I don't know what they meant. I'm still trying to figure it out. But he
'These people's days are numbered. They're about to come home.'And I saw people that were going to be and they're not.
house
of
the
Lord
first, Brandon.
There's
things
that
I've
warned
and
I've
warned
and
I've
warned
to get your heart right,
to
get your life right, and they continue to go down the wrong road.'And he said, 'Because of this, there's a shaking
see an acceleration of that.
I saw even going into October
and he said
he circles things and he
talks
to me about
it. He
said,
'I warned
and
I warned.
I've warned
and I've warned. I've warned
and I've warned.'And you'll see major
faith ministries that they'll have pastors that
are no longer there
anymore.
We apply the blood of
Jesus over us. We thank you, Father,
that as we take
this body in the name of Jesus, we thank
you for what you did for us. We
thank you, Father, that we don't have to
have sickness and disease, back pains,
discs, and all the things that
happen. I thank you, Father, that
we're healed, whole, and well. It doesn't
happen to everybody, but some people
have back pains. They tell me about it:
'Brandon, will you pray for my back?
I need a new back.
I need new joints. I need this and
that.'Father, you're the
Renewer.
I believe, Father, that nothing is
impossible with you and that tonight is
the expiration date for what they've been
believing for. We take this body in
remembrance of what you did for us,
and we give you praise and glory for it
in Jesus'name. Lord, we take the blood;
we make much of the blood, and the
blood makes much of us. We apply the
blood of Jesus over us tonight. We
thank you, Father, that it shelters us
in the shadow of the Most
High. It keeps us.
I plead the blood over us
and
apply the blood
as we walk beside the still waters.
You prepare a table
for us in the presence of all our
enemies.
I thank you for that table.
I thank you, Father, that there's
goodness, mercy,
love,
compassion, and
joy unspeakable and full of glory at
that table.
I thank you, Father; that table has been
set before me. I sit there with you
and we partake of the joy of the Lord,
your peace, and
your kindness. We partake of all
the things that you did.
How wonderful you are.
We take the blood and apply it
over us in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, for tonight's
prayer. I yield to you, Father,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. If you want to
show me anything, Lord—a
stranger's voice I will not follow—I
yield to the anointing of the prophetic,
the watcher, and
the
intercessor. I thank you, Father, that
you pray through me, Holy Spirit, in Jesus'name.
Amen.
All right.
Some nights I don't know which
direction to go. I wait. Last
night was pretty amazing
how it all flowed.
All right.
He's
making moves soon.
They
stand
afraid.
I'm centered around New York,
so I'm praying over New York.
I just keep seeing the
buildings, so I'm just praying over
them. I'm letting you all know
I'm praying over New York and
over what they want to call
Ground Zero—what
they will call
a new Ground Zero.
Look up the General Assembly;
when is it in September?
Take a sword.
All right, let's jump in that river. I
see it.
I'm
praying over tomorrow, specifically.
Over every plot and
plan concerning our electric
grid from Iran, from infiltration, and from
China. We call against this in the name
of Jesus. I see Chinese influence over
our electric grid. They
are making moves.
It's about cyber,
and it will be over the banks. There
will be embarrassing moments for banks. I
hear embarrassing moments for
Bank of America.
It's like a cyber
breach for sensitive information
about their account holders.
Cyber breaches. Lots of cyber breaches;
hackers getting vital,
private information from banks.
I see smaller banks being
safer for some reason;
they're not on the radar. They're
trying to embarrass the banks
and
get people to
not trust them. They're
messing with accounts and
private information,
trying to make
it unstable.
Retirement accounts—I hear
like Charles Schwab, like
investment accounts.
It's about hackers
finding the
back door
to get
sensitive information, getting you to distrust
it. It's causing a stock market
crash.
Thank you for helping me. I don't know
the name of it; it is Schwab.
Charles
Schwab.
We pray over all retirement accounts against
any back doors for any kind of
hackers. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
they're not able to steal people's
money or their sensitive data.
It's China;
it's actually a foreign
government.
They'll say it's a security breach.
Remember I told you there would be
three layers of security?
They will use this in the
crypto industry.
It's the software;
I see it. I see
his face.
Wait.
The Lord has talked to me
twice about this now. I
remember.
He's talked to me twice. Do
you remember the last time I talked
about this? The Holy Spirit talked about
this.
I tried to draw it on a picture
to show
you what I saw in the spirit. It's about
banks and
embarrassing moments again.
Now he speaks of it twice.
Three layers.
The
Lord said that's not the focus of the
prayer time; it's
a side journey.
The main focus is a major attack—a
'Red Dawn'experience
over the nation.
Okay, this is something the Lord just
said:
'I'm healing tissue of the breast.'You
had
it removed because
of cancer,
and the Lord said he's restoring and growing back
tissue.
I see it was removed;
something very
serious went on, and
the
Lord says he's
restoring back tissue.
Receive your healing. This is
a creative miracle. The Lord
says,
'Especially in the right
side.'I'm
learning to obey him
even when I'm praying over the banks and I see this and it sounds like a 'squirrel'moment, but I'm learning to
my
flesh.
I'm going to say it because you are in
control of this prayer time.
I'm
talking about banks and he says, 'I want
to talk about this.'So I say
what he says: 'I want to grow back a
woman's right breast, and she's
going to be healed tonight.'Tell her
she's going to be healed.
I yield to him;
this is not the Brandon show, it's the
Holy Ghost. And he says, "Say what I
tell you to say when I say to say it."And
it's me being yielded. It's
learning.
It's not easy for your flesh; it's going
to make your flesh squirm. Say what I
tell you to say when I tell you to say
it, okay?
I'm going to grow this back.
Receive it in the name of Jesus.
Be healed of that. Creative miracle-working
power flow through your body
right now in the name of Jesus. That's
what he said.
Hallelujah.
You tell your flesh
to shut up. Flesh, you do what God tells
you to do.
And any residue of
cancerous cells, you die in the name of
Jesus. Go! Cancerous cells, get out of
the body right now in the name of Jesus.
Be healed. No spreading,
even on the ribs or
on the
backbone. None. You're gone.
You're being scraped by the
power of the Holy Ghost right now in the
name of Jesus. No residue.
You live and not die.
The Lord said you're going to live
and not die in the name of Jesus. And
you're going to see a
turnaround. I
believe it with you.
That's what he said:
"You're going to live and not
die."You're
going to get all your
hair back.
God's going to restore
back to you, lady, in the name of Jesus.
The hair is going to come back; full,
thick hair
in the name of Jesus. All your roots
that were damaged, all things that were
damaged, we call back restoration of the
hair. Ain't that funny? I need it
too! Well, thank you, Lord, I receive
it too. Hallelujah. But especially
for you, lady. He's talking to you, not
me.
I thank you, Lord. It's not
about me. I was trying to be funny, but
the Lord's not being funny.
Heart valves being restored. Heart valves
being restored. Heart valves being
restored. He said heart valves being
restored. Oh, leaky heart valves
being restored. Restore by
the power of the Holy Ghost, go
through you all over your heart valve
right now in the name of Jesus.
Restore
everything the devil tried to steal, kill,
and destroy. Restore the heart valves in
the name of Jesus.
Thank
you, Lord. You're such a good God; you
care about your people.
Restoring of the heart valve. Restoring
where there was
plaque. Restore.
I see
assets in
Switzerland.
You're going to hear more about it in
the next couple of days. You'll hear more
about the fraud
from Ukraine.
Great fraud. Banks smuggling
our taxpayer money in bad accounts.
Fraud in Ukraine; there's much fraud.
Help me pray into that.
I see Zelensky. I
see Europe right now.
Lord,
we pray over all the fraud. We thank
you, Lord, for exposing and uncovering
the fraud in the Swiss
accounts. And
the black
horse riding concerning the Swiss
accounts.
He has the balances;
he has the scales in his hand. I see the
black horse riding on Europe, and he has
the
scales
in his hand.
He's running over Europe,
and it's in the banks
in Europe.
I see
the padded banks. I see a
twenty-four million account.
I see gold bars falling
off a
conveyor belt. I see
an
Islamic state; it's turning green.
Europe—I
see
Europe trying to turn
green
with Arabic writing.
It's
that swirly
writing, and Europe's
turning vibrant green
with white writing written across it.
And I see the black horse riding
with scales in his
hand.
I
see
Macron.
I see Italy and
the shaking over
Italy. Major events,
all happening like
dominoes.
As the horse rides,
the black
horse will ride.
I see MBS.
I see his face again.
Muhammad bin Salman. I see MBS and the
green and the white.
It's
riding over the Middle East. And the rider
is riding over the Middle East. And
the
oil—there's
lots of oil
coming out of Iraq and
Saudi Arabia.
I see Iraq
arising. I see major oil coming out of
Iraq,
like a major oil gusher.
There will
be much oil coming
up out of Iraq. Iraq and Saudi Arabia will
be like friends. I see
a united Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
I say Syria too, but
a
brotherhood—a
great, strong
friendship—is
being formed. Alliances. And I
see the Black Sea,
the
Bosphorus,
and in a drought. I
see a loaf
of bread.
I see drought around a
loaf.
The loaf is presented;
it's just one loaf. But I see the
oil rising. I see
wheat,
but it's valuable. I see the wheat
bending down and drought covering the
ground. I see the ground splitting and
the sun is scorching the wheat. The sun
is cooking
the
food; the sun is cooking
wheat. Concerning Ukraine, I see
the wheat. I see the black horse
riding.
And I see MBS.
It goes from
Europe
and I see drought, and I see bank
accounts and money
hiding in
the Swiss accounts.
And I see Israel. And I see fruit the
size of tomatoes, the size of
softballs. I see tomatoes, huge fruit. I
see great blessing on Israel and
on the children of
Israel. I see the land of Israel
prospering and people are jealous and
mad. They say, "How
is this possible?"They
say, "How is this possible? They
got fruit. They got vegetables. How is
this possible?"In the drought, the
blessing of the Abrahamic covenant,
I see a blessing
on Israel. And I see fruit,
vast amounts of fruit and water. There's
plenty, and there's blessing. And it'll
be in the Middle East. The people are
taking notice
of great favor. And the
hand of the Lord is on a great favor.
I see it
on the land.
And people will be angry about this.
I see
people being angry about this. There
will be anti-Semitism
even greater on this, upset about this.
Fruit crops, big-time fruit and blessing,
and
the
fishing industry. I see fish out of
the sea. Fish
and blessing.
And drought in Egypt.
Great drought in
Egypt. Great
drought.
"I will bless those that bless you and I
will multiply them, and those that curse
you, there will be a curse."And
I see
it. I see the
blessing.
And it will be evident. It will be very
evident.
I see a new leader for Israel in the
background.
I see a new leader,
a good heart leader, in the background. I
see a new leader in the shadow.
He's
in the cliff. I see a new leader for
Israel rising up soon.
Very orthodox.
He's
a religious man, a
very good leader.
He has a shirt on
that looks like a button-up shirt. He doesn't
have a tie on; it's opened up and
he looks more white than he
does olive.
He looks more Caucasian to me.
And he's younger. He
wears one of those things on his
head—you
know what I'm talking about?
It's like a beanie on his head.
He's wearing one of those
hats.
What do you think about this man? Lord,
who is this man?
Lord said, "I revealed all that I want to
reveal to you to protect him today. You
just keep interceding. There's a new
man coming,
a heart like
David."He
doesn't
want Saul to take it.
Saul doesn't need to boast about him.
I
see
the
beginning of a
peace accord.
I see a covenant with many. I see
a peace treaty being signed.
I see a table and I see three and
a half years.
I see a
peace treaty,
I see a covenant,
a peace accord.
I'm looking into three and a half
years and I see it being signed
and I see agreements. I see the Third
Temple. I see the temple and I see a
blessing on Israel. I see
MBS. I see an antichrist.
I'm telling you, I see the man at
the table. I see the Art of the Deal at
the table, but I hate
to say that because it's not Trump. I
hear it's the same kind of
negotiation like an
Art of the Deal.
They're at a big table
signing this. And
I see the big table and there's
photographers and there's people
everywhere in this room. I see
cameras and a man
has a white
headdress going down and he has glasses.
He's sitting there
and they're at a table.
It looks like a long
table. It almost seems
like the Last
Supper table. Do you know
the famous painting
by
Leonardo?
Yeah, the Last Supper.
The
picture is just like that. But the
antichrist, this man that's
signing the agreement, is sitting in
Jesus's spot.
He's sitting at Jesus's spot at this
white table. And I see the press taking
pictures of this man at the place of
where Jesus was.
And he has a black
and
gold band around his head
and he's
sitting at the table
where Jesus would have been sitting.
And I see these countries sitting beside
him and they're signing an
agreement with Israel.
I see an agreement and I see three and a
half
years.
He's sitting at the seat of where Jesus
would sit.
How disrespectful.
They're taking
pictures.
I see cameras and they're talking.
He said, "I will shake the Mount
of Olives and I will split the land
and I see the Dome of the Rock
split,
uninhabitable.
I see the land being split
at the Mount of Olives."The Lord said,
"And I will split this land,"and
I see
it as a major crack in the land.
It's a major earthquake
for the olive tree is ripe.
I see olive trees,
which is interesting because it was fig
trees before, but this is olive.
Shaking, shaking, shakings.
When do these trees have olives on them?
I always try to figure out the timeframe,
what I'm looking into, and
the vision stopped.
When it split,
there's olives on the trees.
It looked like it was warm outside.
Come Lord Jesus.
Apply the blood.
He's whispering in his ear.
And he has a black cloak on
and his tongue is sticking out and he's
whispering in his ear.
Oh, he's so evil.
I
plead the blood.
Out of Berlin,
I can see it.
I see the pope.
I see the pope with him.
His
name is Leo.
I see the pope talking to him.
He kneels down before him.
Pope Leo, I see him kneeling
down with one knee before
this man.
There's a throne and there's red carpet
going up to the steps.
I see great prosperity on
Israel.
I see
so many fish in a land of drought. I see fish,
fruit and blessing. It's
interesting because he keeps
showing me these fish in a basket
and they
look like
sardines.
It
has a dark top and a
lighter bottom.
These fish—it's
darker and lighter and it fades in.
It looked like a kind of sardine-looking
thing, but it's bigger,
in a basket.
I see wine in a bottle and I see
bread.
Red wine in a frosted
glass bottle with a cork
in
it, and
bread. The bread
looks like it has oats on top of it,
like oat or barley. It looks like
real good bread.
Fish, wine, and bread.
Yep, that's what it looks like. It
is definitely fish, wine,
and bread.
It
could be grape juice,
but I believe it's wine because I
can see the little cups.
Lord, come quickly.
Maranatha.
Oh Jesus, come quickly.
Jesus, come quickly.
Just a glimpse.
It's just a glimpse.
He said, "I gave you today just a
glimpse."We
worship you.
We praise you. We reverence you. We
thank you
for you are good and your
mercy
endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us, Lord.
Great is your faithfulness to us.
For the King is coming.
For the Lord is good
and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good
and his mercy endureth forever.
I can see that black horse riding.
I can see he had the scales
in his hand
and he was riding across Europe.
I don't know why the three and a half
years was above the Antichrist's
head. I believe that's who that was. It
had a crown on his head. It said three
and a half years.
And they were signing an agreement.
I could see papers and people were
signing. They were all excited about it.
But there was blessing on Israel.
I could see blessing
on their agriculture, even
though there was drought
all around.
As I was looking into that,
I could see drought,
famine, and the
wheat burning up. There was
bread,
but there was oil everywhere. There was
oil in Iraq and in Saudi Arabia. There were
agreements and green across
Europe with white writing.
I could see green on the land but
there was drought.
I could see great drought. But Israel
was blessed.
Lord, is that all tonight?
He said, "Look up, for your
redemption draws
nigh."He
said, "Look up, my child, for your
redemption draws nigh.
I've given you a glimpse."Have
your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter,
we are the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will.
While I am waiting,
yielded and still,
have your way, Lord.
Have your way.
Oh Father,
search me and try me.
Savior, today,
wash me just now, Lord.
As in Thy presence,
humbly I bow.
Then I saw the
Pope bowing down to that;
I saw Satan speaking into his ear.
What was interesting was his tongue was
fat
and spit was dripping off and it was
getting the side of his face wet.
He was talking like
whenever a bee would sting
your tongue.
Satan's tongue was really big and it was
flapping around. He was whispering in
his ear and there was spit flinging off
his
tongue and it was landing on the Antichrist's
face right here. It was
gross. He
had a
black cloak on with these things on
his eyes—black around his eyes that looked
like paint. That was a black mask like
Zorro
and it went around his eyes. His eyes
were evil as evil could be and his face
was symbolic.
I knew that it is Satan.
It has to be Satan.
But it's not the way he looked when he
first appeared to me;
he looked like a human.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for tonight.
We thank you, Lord, for President Trump.
We pray over his protection, Father. We
pray over his children: John, Don
Jr., Eric, Tiffany, Ivanka, Barron, and
over Kai, his granddaughter. We pray
over his wife. We pray over
protection around JD Vance, his wife,
and his children. We thank you, Lord. No
weapon formed against the families
will prosper, that they're always in the
right place at the right time. No
assassination attempts, no
attempts on their life of any kind. We
thank you, Lord, that every plot, every
plan, every pursuit to try to kill,
steal, and destroy across this land is
brought to naught in the name of Jesus.
From every sleeper cell of any kind
of terrorist or any kind of foreign
adversary to commit war on the
homeland soil or even in Hawaii. I thank
you, Father, Alaska. We thank you, Lord,
that there's a covering over our nation.
There's a covering over our buildings. I
thank you that the FBI,
Homeland Security, our Secret Service,
the local sheriff's departments,
police force, and
NSA are alert and
they're watching and they're attentive
over this nation. I thank you, Lord,
that they have great discernment on
where to be. Over our churches, we pray
over our pastors, over our
places of worship. We cover our
places of worship in the blood that no
weapon formed against us would prosper,
that every tongue that rises against us,
we condemn it. Father,
we arise and shine for the
light has come and the glory of the Lord
has risen on us. We pray a hedge around
and about every single one of us
tonight, that we are
healed and whole and well in the name of
Jesus. We thank you, Lord, for our
churches. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that judgment begins in the house
of the Lord first. You're
stirring in the churches,
the pastors,
the teachers, and the
evangelists. Father, there will be a
major move of God. One more push, one
more outpouring, Father, that you've not
forgotten America yet.
There will be a major move of God all
throughout sea to shining sea from the
Gulf all the way up to Canada. Father, I
pray a supernatural fire on
this nation. I thank you, Lord, for
your Spirit to be poured out in a
way that we've never seen before in this
generation. We pray over
England, France, and over all
of Europe
for a major harvest of souls. All over
Canada, Australia, and Asia. We
call forth the major harvest of
souls over Africa and over South
America. We call a stirring
in your church again.
Have your own way, Lord.
You are the potter, we
are the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will.
While I am waiting, yielded
and still,
there is
a fire shut up in our bones.
It feels like fire.
Father, I thank you,
Lord, from sea to shining sea.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the
people are in the right place at the
right time. Again, I just see an
earthquake hitting California, Malibu,
going up the coastline through
Portland and Seattle. I see a
major earthquake; I see this
earthquake again. I see a shaking of
California and the West
Coast.
A major
shaking coming, but it will bring the bride to
his side. I'm telling you, but
it will not touch you. Say, 'It will not
touch me. I'm in the right place at
the right time. My house will not be destroyed.'They're
going to look around
and say, 'How did that happen?'Just the
blood of Jesus. We give all glory,
honor, and praise when God protects us.
When we see people
suffering around us, we show the love of
God to them.
But this is part of the end times. You
say, "Well, why does it have to happen
at all?"Because Jesus said it would.
We'll have earthquakes in divers
places.
We're going to see the earth
shaking and rocking and reeling like a
drunkard.
You're going to see things like you've
never seen before. We're at the
end of it all. Jesus is standing at
the door
and we're at the beginning
of sorrows.
And I'm telling you, it's time for you
to come to the saving knowledge of the
Lord Jesus Christ and ask Jesus Christ
to forgive you of your sins tonight. If
you're here tonight and you've never
asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal savior, tonight's your night.
I don't want to say all the Christianese
stuff—heaven to gain, hell to
shun—but it's real.
I want you just to know that Jesus
loves you and he has a plan for your
life. If you're here tonight and you've
never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord
and personal savior tonight is your night,
or you may be backslidden. You may be a
person that used to be on fire for God
and over the course of time, you've let
your fire grow out. You've become more
like the world and you're less like him.
But tonight you want a fresh, clean
start and you're saying, "Brandon, will
you just pray for me?"I want to pray for
you and I want to say a simple prayer.
It's time just to sell out for
Jesus.
You're running out of time.
Who knows? He could come back right now.
He could come back at this very moment.
He could come back in September. Who
knows? But I'm going to tell you, I
always want to be ready and I always
want to have my lamp full of oil and
saying, "Jesus, I'm ready. Whenever you
are, I'm ready. Take me up. Beam me up,
Scotty. Let's go, Jesus."But I'm telling
you, if you're not right with God, it
would be terrible if you were this close
and you shunned it. He's there with his
arms wide open, and he's saying, "Will
you let me in your life? Will you let me
in? I want to turn your mess into a
message. I want to give you hope. I want
to give you a blessed hope. And I'm the
blessed hope. He's the blessed hope."He
wants to give you an expected end, a
great future, but you have to invite him into
your life and you have to surrender
your all to him. And tonight, I want to
say a simple prayer and I want you just
to say it with me. Say, "Jesus, I believe
you are the Son of God. I believe you
died for me and you rose again on the
third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me. Make me new with
your precious blood.
Jesus, write my name in the Lamb's Book
of Life today.
I want to be born again.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on any false gods that I used to
serve. For there will be no other god
before you.
I thank you, Lord, that you are my one
and true and only God, Jesus.
I'm not going to be worshiping Buddha or
Muhammad or some kind of false god, any
temple god or whatever. I'm turning my
whole attention... there will be no
other gods before me. It'll be only you,
Jesus.
And so as I do that, I dedicate my life
to you and I sell out to you. I'm yours.
I want you to change me from the inside
out.
Make me new. Thank you, Lord, that
today's my fresh, clean start in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen."I believe if you
just said that prayer, you just asked
Jesus to be your Lord and personal
savior. I'm excited you're here. Praise
the Lord. So you say, "Brandon, what do
I do now?"Well, you go to a Bible-believing
church. Go get plugged in there.
Tell that pastor, say, "I want to
be water baptized."Get water baptized.
Get plugged in there. Go Wednesdays, go
Sunday, whenever they have the doors
open. Get plugged in. But make sure
they're life-breathing and they're
teaching you life. Don't go
to a dead church. Go to a church that's baptized
and speaks in tongues. If you want to
know what I was doing, I was praying in tongues.
This is "Why Tongues"by Kenneth
E. Hagin. You can
understand tongues and learn about
it and then get baptized in the Holy
Ghost yourself. Tongues is for
everybody and you get this
book. It's free. You can go on
YouTube; there's other people talking
about reading it and you can find the
videos and listen to "Why Tongues."I
think if you want to buy it,
it's like a dollar or something on
Amazon, three bucks or something. And
you can buy it on Amazon. You can buy it
on their website at Kenneth E.
Hagin Ministries. You can buy it there. But I
just want to encourage you: learn about
the baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is
speaking in tongues, Acts chapter 2. And
so it's nothing weird, nothing scary. It's
just a gift that God wants to give you
and you can yield to it and the Holy
Spirit will pray through you and your
life will forever be
changed.
If you don't have a Bible and you just
got born again, we want you—if
you want
a Bible—you
can email us in the
description down below. Put your name
and your address and a way
where to send it and
say, "I got born again"so we know who
you are. And we'll send you a Bible for
free. You have to read the Bible every
day. Get plugged in. Read the Bible.
Pray every day. Come pray with us.
Subscribe to our channel. Be a part of
our YouTube channel. And we're excited
you're here. Whoever's watching this
later on or whatever, exciting days are
ahead for the body of Christ. I'm
telling you, the fire of God is
going to change you from the inside out
as we see the end-time glory. All 43 of
you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ
tonight, welcome home. Welcome home to
all 43 of you. Biggest altar call we've
had this week. So, welcome home all you
that dedicated your heart to Jesus
Christ. We're excited you're here. All
43 of you. Yesterday was 26.
The day before was 39. So, we've had
a good week.
What was the September... is that when
the General Assembly is?
Yeah.
So, we pray for the 22nd to the 26th.
We're going to pray for that. It's very
serious. I saw some things about that.
We'll pray for the General
Assembly. I saw an attack trying to
come against the General Assembly
in New York. So we're going to pray over
that for September. We've got a lot
to pray about all the time, it seems
like. So we're going to pray for a lot
of things. But thank you for
being here. If you haven't subscribed to
our channel, please subscribe.
It's free. All you have to
do is click the button. Just click it.
There it is. And then
you're subscribed. Click the
notification bell so you'll know when
we're coming on to pray. There
are 7,700 of you. We had over 8,000 praying
with us tonight. So that is a big crowd
for Saturday night. So we're glad y'all
are here. All 8,000 plus of you right
now. 7,700. So thank you for being here.
And we'll be back again
tomorrow and pray more and see where the
Lord leads us. And so we're so thankful
for all y'all to be here again with us.
If you want to come back and pray with
us, we're praying for the nations,
praying for whatever the Lord lays on
our heart, and every day is different.
Every time is different. All you that are
joining me every time, you know it's
different. And he's in control of this.
We give him all the glory, honor, and
praise. We attract to deflect. We
stay vertical. It's not about Brennan
and it's not about visions. It's about
Jesus and it's about us being a
praying army in these end times, that we
are praying together as one voice with
one accord, all joining together.
Prayer changes things. We believe it, and
we're believing for a million men
and women to pray with us, and we believe
that we're right on the way,
all for the glory of God. All
right, so we'll see you again. Remember:
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.